Configure NTP server instead of NTP command (#13)
mlcommons/power: ptd_client_server/README.md

## Configuration examples

Client configuration:

```javascript
// Note that the same options could be set using command line.
// See ./client.py --help for the reference.
//

> // If you'll this example, make sure you'll remove all comments starting with `//`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If you use this example, make sure you remove all comments starting with `//`.
```

# Should be in sync with "ptdCommand".
ptdLogfile: D:\logs_ptdeamon.txt
```

## NTP Setup

To make sure the Loadgen logs and PTDaemon logs match, the system time should be synchronized on the client and the server.
Both the client and the server have an option to configure the NTP server address to sync with before running a workload.

### Linux

Prerequisites:
1. Install `ntpdate` binary. Ubuntu package: `ntpdate`.
2. Disable pre-existing `ntp` daemon if it is running. On Ubuntu: `systemctl disable ntp; systemctl stop ntp`.
3. Root priveleges are required. Either run the script as root, or set up a passwordless `sudo`.

> The script would synchronize time using `ntpdate` binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will synchronize time using `ntpdate` binary.
```
